W-22143873-websocket-limit-connection (#1052)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway-home/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

| Upstream Idle Timeout ^| Sets the maximum duration a stream between Flex Gateway and an upstream service can remain idle ^| xref:gateway::policies-outbound-upstream-idle-timeout.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-outbound-upstream-idle-timeout.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-outbound-upstream-idle-timeout.adoc[Yes] ^| No

> | WebSocket Connection Limit ^| Caps how many simultaneous WebSocket upgrades each API instance accepts before Flex Gateway rejects new upgrade attempts ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[Yes] ^| No 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| WebSocket Connection Limit ^| Limits the number of simultaneous WebSocket connections that each API instance allows ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-websocket-connection-limit.adoc[Yes] ^| No 
```
